Add `elapsed_years` to `Date` and `DateTime` (#557)
chronotope/chrono: CHANGELOG.md

* Add support for microseconds timestamps serde serialization/deserialization (#304)
* Fix `DurationRound` is not TZ aware (#495)
* Implement `DurationRound` for `NaiveDateTime`

> * Add a function that calculate the years elapsed between now and a given `Date` or `DateTime`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a function that calculates the number of years elapsed between now and a given `Date` or `DateTime` (#557)
```

## 0.1.0 (2014-11-20)

The initial version that was available to `crates.io`.

> 

Reviewer 2: Please remove this useless change
